fairy tales about to be canceled
starting March 30th and that's really
just disappointing I myself have gotten
into fairy tale a little bit earlier or
maybe about I would say summer of last
year I got into it started to catch up
with it and ever since then I'll i don't
think i've really been wanting to watch
it that much I like stopped right before
there's a filler art so I just said I'll
jump right back into that the filler arc
and it's been a while since then so I
was going to jump back into the anime
eventually I was really looking forward
to getting back into it really soon then
this news comes and all of a sudden it's
just really bad and there's a lot of
reasons why is that so bigger realize is
that is because a lot people didn't
think that fairy tale would meet this
time fate and see that it will be
cancelled and i'm not really sure if
it's going to be a complete whole just
gonna stop completely and never come
back or if this is just like a temporary
thing it'll just stop and it'll be back
up later on maybe if your mom that even
a year who knows a huge factor in all
this it definitely has to go deep down
we gotta think about this this is one of
the top anime right i mean right now we
got the big three being an hour till one
piece and bleach i mean we have like
these two other anime that in some cases
are seen as like the top five like the
two extra animates you add on to that
and one of them is of course fairy tale
it seemed as if this is going to be
meeting the same fate as the other anime
a part of the top five katekyo hitman
reborn however i see things taking a bit
of a shift and it's gonna be a little
bit more different than that reborn I
think did just stopped because it just
stopped it stopped on a good note in it
didn't stop at the right place obviously
but it stopped on I know
where's your son okay you can tell that
this is where they wanted to stop it if
you just need didn't end randomly now
not being completely caught up with
fairy tale right now I can't really say
the same is going to not happen I can't
really say this gonna just stop it out
of nowhere like in the middle but hark I
don't really know what's going on
currently within the end but if it does
stop like abruptly that would be really
bad another thing as you stated the
anime industry and how it's going to be
broken down because as we all know I
mean bleach did get canceled last year
it's something that we all do know and
that that was one of the big three I
mean why would that just all of a sudden
like go away and that just seemed really
random to us didn't it so if a thing
like that could happen anything like
fairy tale anything could happen then
who knows what can happen XP will think
well you know one piece of one and you
know Naruto isn't going man what what is
it does happen even if these are the two
top anime and I don't really know this
for sure about Japan I know that one
piece is always going to be up there but
Naruto seems to go up and down at
certain points but these are two big
anime seem to have been going on really
strong and what if all the sudden they
just started to drop off the anime
stopped or if the manga all of a sudden
just stopped I really don't think that
what happened though what if you just
did especially with these speculations
of an anti episode costing about ninety
thousand dollars to produce just one of
them and with that in mind I mean these
anime that go on forever and ever ever
the model keep going on and on it's like
this anime series manga series just
keeps going on and he's having episodes
keeps having arcs well eventually could
this anime could this manga adventure
we come to stopping point where they
can't keep going on with it well is that
possible for manga I would say no
because in order to produce a manga it
doesn't take nearly as much money I mean
obviously to make an anime it it's a lot
of work to do that so with anime and
comparison the manga I would say the
manga is not going to necessarily end
and just gonna like just go straight to
the rock bottom because if they want to
keep working on it obviously they are
but for anime is possible they could get
canceled even if it's not a financial
issue it could be something else maybe
something about the Monica not wanting
to work on any I don't even think do the
creators even work on the episodes I
don't I wouldn't expect them to honestly
I really wouldn't I mean they would have
a good whole crew to do that a whole
animating crew and they would just make
it all I don't think they would get too
involved with that what they I mean they
have a part in it but not wait the whole
animation cross I don't I don't think so
at least but the main point is that
fairy tale is coming to an end I wish
that it wouldn't I really wish it
wouldn't because it makes you read the
Hmong obviously piece of people out
there do just want to watch the anime
and justly I'm satisfied with this and
their means and the moment keeps on
going like there are a couple anime out
there that stop into the moment keeps
going on and on knowing it may be born
one of them obviously tops 202 episodes
and then the manga chapters go up until
like chapter four hundred and not really
sure but it's like in the 400s so I'm
trying to read that right now actually
but I give my best to fairytale I do
want to see more of it
really really do want to see more but
I'm not really sure what I could
possibly do you know how people want to
give back to the animator easily they do
buy dvds and they do bios merchandise
not really sure this is a financial
issue i'm not really sure what the whole
situation is right now but i do want to
see if fairy tale come back you know I
want to jump back into it I'm gonna be
able to watch the anime it's amazing
it's fantastic I've seen how
many arcs have I seen I seems like a
certain point was like 100 and 120
hundred thirty I believe that's like
episodes that I stopped it so I'm not
really that far behind on this Lisa I
really do want to jump back into it's
such an amazing anime such a good anime
uh it's I don't really know I can't
compare each other and that's not
necessarily it's a shounen anime it's
something that I would love to see I
caught up to before it got like way
beyond you know like past where i can
even imagine trying to catch up to it
and you know I really do want to keep
going on with it it's really good so
let's hope the fairy tale comes back and
for those of you read the mala keep on
doing so keep one following up with
fairy tale if it doesn't come back then
you saw the manga to go off up obviously
so let's just keep our fingers crossed
and maybe someday we'll see come back
and they'll be just wonderful so now I
think that's a little talking saying
stay gonna see you guys later
you